*Use the following command to see all sections in the binary:
  -  readelf -S link

*Check Dynamic Section:
  Look at the dynamic section to see if it has any entries. Run:
 - readelf -d link

*Inspect GOT Specifically:
    Even if the binary is stripped, you can directly check for GOT entries:
  -  objdump -R link

*Check the Import Table:
-nm -D link
This might show you the dynamically linked symbols.

*List Sections: First, confirm that the .data section exists:
--readelf -S link

*Dump the Section: If .data is present, you can dump its contents using the following command:
--readelf -x .data link

HTB{4_br34k_1n_the3_ch41n_0e343f537ebc}



Wired Code of Desire

In the glow of screens, where shadows dance,
Two souls collide in a digital trance.
A hacker awakens, a wizard with keys,
Weaving through code like a thief in the breeze.

By day, he serves at a quaint little spot,
Where dreams are forgotten, and time moves slow.
With dishes and drinks, he plays the front part,
But beneath his white apron, beats a restless heart.

As the sun dips low and the stars take flight,
He sheds his façade and embraces the night.
Knowledge, his weapon, sharp as a knife,
He dances with data, igniting his life.

With every keystroke, their secrets unfold,
Encrypted whispers of dreams untold.
Addiction to knowledge, a thirst unquenched,
In the vast web of data, their hearts entrenched.

Through firewalls and proxies, their spirits entwine,
Sharing secrets and dreams over packets of time.
But lurking beneath the soft glow of light,
Is an addiction that pulls him, both bitter and bright.

In forums and chats, he finds solace and spark,
A connection with others who dwell in the dark.
Yet one heart stands out in the vast web of souls,
A beautiful girl who fills in the holes.

Together they plot to take down the walls
Of websites and servers, where freedom calls.
With drugs on the table and hackers to meet,
They scheme in the dim, smoky heat.

In the depths of the net, where shadows collide,
A hacker finds beauty in love’s wild ride.
Each line of code, a verse in his song,
In this virtual world, he feels he belongs.

For love, like a hack, can break through the walls,
But can also consume, with its siren calls.
Yet through every challenge, each glitch and fight,
They find solace together, their screens alight.

His passion for science, for tech’s endless maze,
Is a flame that consumes him, igniting his gaze.
In the heart of the net, he seeks to explore,
A love that transcends, that opens new doors.

So here’s to the hackers, the dreamers by night,
Indulging in love, knowledge, and the fight.
With power at their fingertips, hearts set ablaze,
They code their own futures in a world that amazes.




The Hacker's Paradox

By day, he wears an apron, a server in white,
Where laughter and chatter fill the soft light.
With plates in his hands, he navigates the crowd,
But within him, a tempest is brewing, unbowed.

In the corner of his mind, books whisper sweet lore,
Of protocols and systems, of knowledge to explore.
With every cracked spine, he fuels his desire,
To dance with the data, to play with the fire.

As night falls softly, he sheds his disguise,
In shadows, he thrives, where the digital lies.
A hacker awakens, with fingers that fly,
Debugging the code, as the servers comply.

With adrenaline pumping, he craves the attack,
A rush in his veins, there's no turning back.
He circles the networks, a ghost in the stream,
Chasing down bugs, unraveling dreams.

In forums and chat rooms, with hackers alike,
They plot and they scheme, in the dim, smoky night.
For some, it’s for justice, a fight for the weak,
For others, it’s power, the thrill they all seek.

Addicted to hacking, to chaos and thrills,
He navigates firewalls, bends protocols to his wills.
But deeper within, a battle takes place,
Between love for the code and the heart’s tender grace.

He longs for connection, a heart to ignite,
Yet addiction whispers, pulling him tight.
Drugs on the table, they laugh and they scheme,
In a world full of shadows, they chase the dream.

Each line of code written, a verse of his life,
In a realm of disruption, love cuts like a knife.
With every attack launched, a part of him fades,
As he walks the thin line where virtue degrades.

In the quiet of night, he finds solace in sound,
The hum of the servers, a comfort profound.
Yet the clock ticks away, and dawn starts to creep,
He'll don his façade when the world stirs from sleep.

So here’s to the hackers, the lovers of night,
Balancing chaos and love in the light.
With knowledge their weapon and hearts full of fire,
They code their own futures, as their souls conspire.
